75 rdm contacts page (#76)
eur-nl/erim-research-toolbox: pages/contacts.md

The following links refer to research support staff that can help you depending on your needs. 

[EUR Research Data Stewards](https://www.eur.nl/en/research/research-services/research-data-management)  
Anything related to research data management.

[EUR Privacy Officers <sup><i class="fa-solid fa-lock"></i></sup>](https://my.eur.nl/en/eur-employee/work-support/privacy/privacy-office)  
Anything related to research that contains personal and/or sensitive data. 

[Legal counsel <sup><i class="fa-solid fa-lock"></i></sup>](https://my.eur.nl/en/eur-employee/research/research-services/research-quality-integrity/legal-aspects-research)   
Anything related to contracts, legal agreements, non-dissclosure agreements, etc. 

[EUR Security Office <sup><i class="fa-solid fa-lock"></i></sup>](https://my.eur.nl/en/eur-employee/organisatie/professional-services/edis/chief-information-officer-office-cioo)  
Anything realted to security measures. 

[RSM Research Software Engeneers <sup><i class="fa-solid fa-lock"></i></sup>](https://my.eur.nl/en/rsm-employee/services-0/rsm-digitalisation-and-information-services-rdis/rdis-rsm-eur/it-research-support)  

> Anythign related to IT support for your research project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anything related to specialised software or hardware support for your research project.
```
